Discourage rebalance, warn against stopping it (#1298)
minio/docs: source/operations/install-deploy-manage/expand-minio-deployment.rst

- Pool B: 20% chance (:math:`2TiB / 10TiB`)
- Pool C: 50% chance (:math:`5TiB / 10TiB`)

In addition to the free space calculation, if a write option (with parity) would bring a drive usage above 99% or a known free inode count below 1000, MinIO does not write to the pool.

Since a pool with more free space has a higher probability of being written to, the nodes of that pool may experience higher loads as free space equalizes.

> If required, you can manually initiate a rebalance procedure with :mc:`mc admin rebalance`.

Author: Explain what happens if pools have very different available free space. Is this text an accurate characterization?

In addition to the free space calculation, if a write option (with parity) would bring a drive
usage above 99% or a known free inode count below 1000, MinIO does not write to the pool.

MinIO does not recommend manual rebalancing.

> If required, you can manually initiate a rebalance procedure with :mc:`mc admin rebalance`.

Reviewer: If you changed it in the other file, change it here, too:

```suggestion
If absolutely necessary, you can manually initiate a rebalance procedure with :mc:`mc admin rebalance`.
```
